i think what's happened on the planet
right now is there's been a great
seduction and a great brainwashing when
we are kids we want we want to be
astronauts we want to be billionaires we
want to be history makers
we want to do all our dreams
and then and we stand in awe and wonder
and we're full of curiosity and we're
loving
and we're passionate we're strong we're
not afraid to be ourselves
but as we leave the perfection of
childhood the hypnosis and the
brainwashing begins our well-intentioned
parents say oh you want to be an
astronaut you want to start a business
when you grow up you want to paint like
john michelle basquiat
be reasonable
and
george bernard shaw said it better than
i ever could he said the reasonable man
adapts himself to the world
the unreasonable one persists in
adapting the world to himself
therefore all progress depends on the
unreasonable man
[Music]
welcome to impact theory our goal with
this show and company is to introduce
you to the people and ideas that will
help you actually execute on your dreams
all right today's guest is an
international best-selling author whose
books have sold over 15 million copies
across 62 countries in 75 languages he's
penned over 20 books several of which
have set sales records across the globe
his book the leader with no title was a
number one bestseller on amazon and his
mega hit the monk who sold his ferrari
smashed it in the u.s was a blockbuster
in too many countries to count has been
on the best seller list in india for
more than two years and is the fifth
best selling book of all time in israel
his success is not due to fancy
marketing but rather an obsessive focus
on ensuring that what he teaches
delivers an insane amount of usable
information and as such he is widely
considered one of the world's top
leadership experts and his staggering
roster of clients includes some of the
biggest names on the planet including
microsoft fedex nike ge
nasa and ibm he is also one of the most
sought after speakers in the world and
he's appeared on over 1 000 tv and radio
shows additionally his social media
posts reach a staggering
million plus people a year and he was
ranked as one of the top five leadership
experts in the world in a massive
independent study of more than 22 000
business professionals so please help me
in welcoming the founder of the robin
sharma foundation for children the
best-selling author of the 5 a.m club
robin sharma
[Music]
welcome to the show man what a great
introduction thank you so much easy with
what you're after and what you've
accomplished in the time that you've
been doing this which is already pretty
extraordinary and i
having seen you in action now can say
that you'll be doing this for a very
long time it's it's really pretty
extraordinary
and one thing that i want to talk about
is
that level of energy and enthusiasm and
you talk about that being something
that's common among high achievers how
do we cultivate that
well um
first of all congratulations on all your
success with the show and all the
people that you're influencing
so
one of the lines from right out of the 5
a.m club is
one of the dnas of legendary is
longevity so if you look at the picassos
the jean-michel basquiats you look at
the great
sports champions you look at the great
history makers
they were much better at energy
management than time management
and so we're in a war against
distraction right now and what we really
have to do is optimize our energy how do
i do it well i mean i get to the morning
routine which which the whole book is
based on but it's really quite powerful
because if you start your day with
sweaty exercise you're actually going to
activate a pharmacy of mastery that
exists in every human brain i know you
love the neuroscience you're going to
release bdnf which is brain-derived
neurotrophic factor that's going to
actually accelerate your processing it's
actually going to repair brain cells
that have been damaged by stress you're
going to release the neurotransmitter
dopamine which is the the fire
neurotransmitter which we all need as
entrepreneurs and business builders and
and servants of humanity
cortisol the fear hormone is highest in
the morning so exercising first thing in
the morning is going to reduce that i'm
getting into my 20 20 20 formula but i
mention it because it is a way to
maximize your energy
so talk to us about the 20 20 20 i mean
you sort of um started it there with the
the sweaty exercise but what's the rest
of that formula which is pretty powerful
sure so the new book is all about rising
at 5 a.m and that's because if you look
at the great creatives and the great
saints and the great humanitarians and
the great titans of industry many of
them got up at 5 am even right now
you've got tim cook and you've got
howard schultz and it goes on and on
before the sun rises is the time of
least distraction before the sun rises
where you can build intimacy and fluency
with what you want to stand for
in your day before the sun rises the
luxury and tranquility of the early
morning hours
you can do that deep inner work
that will allow you to go out in the
world and and play at your best so what
the 20 20 20 formula is is simply this
there's
three pockets the first pocket is move
five to five twenty and you get into the
sweaty exercise because like i mentioned
it releases
neurotransmitters it reduces the
cortisol increases your metabolic rate
which gives you more energy so now and
serotonin as well which gives you joy
so now it's 5 20. fundamentally you feel
different you have energy your state is
strong you've got a fire in your belly
and you've accelerated your focus
520 to 540 is the second pocket of the
20 20 20 formula which is reflect
we live in a world where a lot of people
are busy being busy but what's the point
of being busy around climbing the wrong
mount everests and so clarity is one of
the dnas of mastery you know this if you
talk to the titans of industry and you
talk to the people really getting
traction around their ambition
these are people who have a monomaniacal
focus on the few things that matter they
have an obsession bordering on a
possession around the few priorities
they want to build their life around and
so 520 to 540 the second pocket you
write in the journal
you
meditate
you visualize
you do what i call in the book a
blueprint for a beautiful day
or you just sit in solitude and you
think and you ponder and you reflect and
then the final pocket is 5 40 to 6
o'clock and this is the victory hour
the final pocket is grow but if you look
at the greatest billionaires i've
coached many billionaires over the past
20 years if you look at the greatest
producers on the planet these people
have one thing in common they are
ridiculously curious
and no matter how much money they make
and no matter how much impact they have
they maintain a white belt mentality
one of the keys to epic performance is a
relentless commitment to daily growth so
that's the 20 20 20 formula that the 5
a.m method is built around
and
the premise is basically this as you
begin your day so you hand craft the
rest of your day
and if you have consistently great days
you're going to have consistently great
weeks quarters a year and a lifetime so
your days are life and miniature and you
got to get those mornings calibrated if
you really want to win when you were
talking about the obs the obsession that
board is on possession which i like a
lot and i think is the thing that's
missing from a lot of people's lives in
fact i'll say that i don't think people
know how to want and i don't think they
know how to turn a want into a crushing
need and so there's people have this
vague sense that they want something but
they don't know how to really cultivate
that how do you help people with that
how do you help them
light themselves on fire and really
commit to something
tom i actually believe we are built to
want
the very nature of being a human being
is we are built to progress we know that
the human brain craves novelty
and we are most alive we have the most
energy we are most intimate with our
best selves when we're progressing
towards our mighty mission so i think we
all want i think what's happened on the
planet right now is there's been a great
seduction and a great brainwashing when
we are kids we want we want to be
astronauts we want to be billionaires we
want to be history makers we want to do
all our dreams
and then and
we stand in awe and wonder and we're
full of curiosity and we're loving
and we're passionate we're strong we're
not afraid to be ourselves
but as we leave the perfection of
childhood the hypnosis and the
brainwashing begins our well-intentioned
parents say oh you want to be an
astronaut you want to start a business
when you grow up you want to paint like
joe michelle basquiat
be reasonable
and
george bernershad said it better than i
ever could he said the reasonable man
adapts himself to the world
the unreasonable one persists in
adapting the world to himself
therefore all progress depends on the
unreasonable man
so that's our nature but our parents
give us limitation based on their
limited psychology and their emotional
patterns that they learn from their
parents then we go to school and we're
taught to live in a box think in a box
dress like everyone else don't sing too
loudly don't dream too big don't be too
passionate and then our peers
do the same thing to us and then society
says oh genius is the realm of genetics
not everyday people which has been
dismissed by some very good science you
know i mean the 10 000 hour rule that we
all know from florida state university
professor anders erickson it just
confirmed so much so
i do think we all want i think what's
happened is we've
as we've left who we truly are we've
contracted and now it's all about
staying safe in the world versus going
out there and letting our brilliant our
primal genius shine and a lot of people
just have stuff that pain of
disappointment and their doubt really
deep inside and they just
are addicted to distraction and escapes
because they don't want to deal with
their potential that they've denied take
us back so
you
um start out as an attorney you're a
litigator
and you write your first book you
self-publish it printed at kinko's which
i thought was pretty interesting um
how do you then take that leap like
obviously
you were beginning to cultivate that
the the traits of the unreasonable man
or maybe it was a process of unlearning
but how did you do that how did you buck
all of that and do something new
uh
self-growth
you know we live in a world that
suggests the doorway to success swings
outward
if you build the business if you get the
jet if you get the money if you get the
cars if you get the beautiful spouse
then you're going to be happy
what i believe and there's a model in
the 5am club that i think is a very
disruptive model but it's a
transformational model and it's called
the four interior empires and it's not
just mindset it's mindset heart set
health set and soul set and we can talk
about it if you like but i worked on
those four interior empires when i was a
very unhappy litigation lawyer like i'd
made money i was successful i had two
law degrees and yet i wake up every
morning time and i'd go into the
bathroom mirror and i'd look at myself
and i was a completely empty person
and nothing
is more expensive than losing your joy
and your peace of mind
and so what i did was i started working
on myself you know i worked on my
mindset and i read all the books and i
went to the courses but that's only your
psychology and i think that's one of the
missing links in our field which is
everyone's talking about mindset but
mindset is just your belief system it's
just your psychologies it's very
important but that's 25 of the personal
mastery equation
i believe the second piece is your heart
set and i worked on that purifying your
heart that's your emotionality not just
your psychology you're never going to
make history dominate your domain and
hand craft a world-class life if you've
got a great psychology but you're
carrying the pain and sadness
disappointment and trauma of the past
so i worked on my heart that's only the
second interior empire the third
interior empire your health set don't
die if you want to change the world like
dead people don't change the world
so health set
biohacking there's a whole chapter on
recovery and the essentialness of sleep
so really getting your health set right
but
there's a fourth interior empire that i
worked on
that allowed me to go out in the world
and and pursue my my magic
and it's a little dangerous for me to
share because i know how many business
people
you know follow you and how many
entrepreneurs but i'm going to share it
because
it's my truth so it's not just mindset
and it's not just heart setting it's not
just health that's at its soul set and
soul said has nothing to do with
religion soul set is about working on
your character
so you re-access your nobility and your
bravery and your authenticity
and your decency
and you find a cause that's larger than
your life
so when they go out in the world every
single morning
people might ridicule you because every
genius is ridiculed before they're
revered people might throw stones at you
but you use them to build monuments of
mastery people might not mis understand
you because any disruptor is going to be
misunderstood and even if you're an army
of one a galileo or a
steve jobs or how phil knight
you continue at all costs so those four
interior empires that i go into detail
in in the book give you a fiery inner
core of warriorship and leadership that
allow you to go out in the world and do
amazing things but it all starts with
who you are because you'll never rise
any higher than what's going on within
you all right we really have to talk
about the the soul set and the heart set
i think those are going to be the ones
that are least familiar to people so
um
in the soul set let's just dive into the
the most maybe a controversial one but i
i actually think people are going to
resonate with this um
the thing that you talked about in the
book that that really hit me is this
notion of being braver of finding ways
to get braver and i don't know it was
one of those where you're kind of like
trying to guess what the person is going
to say and i was so struck by that one
how do we practice getting braver what
does it mean to be braver and then how
does that end up being useful for us
what terrifies you most go directly
there
because discomfort is simply
growth in wolf's clothing
well yeah i mean the last chapter is uh
i don't want to give too much away but
it's it's um an experience i live you
know it's it's nelson mandela's prison
cell
have you been to robin island i haven't
but i am beyond obsessed with nelson
mandela so i know the story very well
you know i i i'd encourage you to go
because
standing that in that cell
feeling
the sensations
will transform you at a soul level as
well as heart set level so how do we
become more brave well
i went over to
nelson mandela's prison cell and i stood
there and i was shocked he didn't even
have a bed and he was in there for 18
years
then
i went over to the limestone quarry
and i saw where nelson mandela spent 10
years chipping away at stone to break
his spirit because they threw the stones
away
and then i saw the showers where this
elderly statesman would shower while the
young guards would laugh at him
and then in the book i talk about a true
fact where
he was asked on robben island to dig a
grave and he he
got in the grave
thinking he was going to die and the
prison guards urinated on
and my point is simply this when nelson
mandela was released from prison after
27 years of total incarceration
the he invited the prosecutor who was
seeking the death penalty to dinner
and he invited the prison guard who kept
him in prison for 18 years on robben
island
to his inauguration as president of
south africa and he was asked
why would you do that he said because
if i didn't i'd still be in prison
and my point is to lead and to become a
great hero
or an everyday hero
the doorway is through embracing our
suffering and doing difficult things i
think pleasure
has been promoted too much in our
society like no great
tight enough industry no legendary
cellist
no
great athlete you know the great ones
all understand that suffering is the
price
of greatness so
how do we become braver you you do the
difficult things that you don't feel
like doing but you know have the payoff
yeah the heart set that's a it's really
interesting and what i liked about it
was the way that you talk about you know
we all have this accumulation of trauma
oftentimes from when we're younger how
do you help people process through that
like how you've worked with some really
high performers how have you helped them
tap into that and then more importantly
how do you help them process through
that it's about reframing the event
what does that look like
journaling is profound do you journal i
have journaled to say that i do journal
would be a lie
you're going to love journaling like i i
do it almost every day
i had um
i had a showed this morning
and then i had to set my intentions for
you and all your global followers or
viewers
and so i went back to my hotel room i
took a cold shower
you know i've been fasting a lot so we
can get into fasting because i fasted as
i wrote the
5n collab and that helped massively and
then i pulled out my journal and i sat
on my terrace
and i literally started writing about my
intentions for impact theory
and so
how do you how do you move through pain
you journal
if you're going through heartbreak i
mean we've all experienced heartbreak
what we do is often we repress it
because we're not given the tools to
process through it you lose a business
people repress it
someone has a divorce or an illness
oh
mindset
reframe it psychology you're swallowing
pain you're swallowing sadness you're
swallowing anger we're built to feel
right so
writing in a journal just getting it out
there's actually something in the 5m
club called the journaling
deconstruction because it's not just
processing through pain but to answer
your question that trauma of heart set
you write in a journal you get it out of
your system guess what you don't bring
passive aggressive into the workplace
you don't bring sadness or low vibe into
the workplace
you're full of your true self in terms
of your heart set which is gratitude
love appreciation you know what that
does for a business you know what that
does for a human life so if you're going
through a painful time write that out
almost every day i write gratitude but i
love great restaurants and so i'll take
the business card and the next morning i
pull out my little glue stick and i glue
the business card into my journal
and i relive the experience oh i had
dinner with so-and-so here's what i
learned i deconstruct it with better
awareness
we'll make better choices
better daily choices
better daily results imagine journaling
like this every single day you're going
to have such a cute awareness about when
you're at your best what the great ones
do how to live a life what you want to
stand for what your core values are you
walk out in the world and you're just
radiating possibility in a world where
people are addicted to distraction and
numbed out
you've brought up distraction before and
i know you talk a lot about it in the
book
how do we
in this world where it's algorithms are
literally being constructed to make sure
that they get our attention with as much
frequency as possible how do you talk to
people about eliminating that how do you
do it in your own life how do you create
that space how much time do you allocate
to that that real isolation
yeah the brain tattoo in the book is an
addiction to distraction is the death of
your creative production
your people's phones are costing them
their fortune
so how do i do it one of the rituals in
the book is the tight bubble of total
focus it's it's based on edison's menlo
park
there's a great documentary on what he
did but essentially him and his band of
co-geniuses would leave the world go up
to this hill to menlo park where they
could get into flow state to give credit
where it's due mihai chick sent me high
if university of chicago came up with
that term flow when we're at our
absolute best doing magical things in
our performance
but that only comes when we get away
from the world so you can play with your
phone
or you can be monomonically focused on
being a history maker and legendary you
don't get to do both and so
building periods of time in that tight
bubble of total focus where you leave
your phone in another room
where you train your team or if you
don't have a team you just don't have
any distractions and you ask yourself
what is the one thing i could do that
would allow me
to go out in the world and
and bring my magic to the world the
human brain
has a phenomenon called transient
hypofrontality the neocortex as you know
it's the the seed of thinking it's our
monkey mind it's all the chattering it's
the stuff that says tom you can't do it
robin you can't do it what would they
think what if i fail what do i get
laughed at that's all the neocortex it's
the crown jewel of brain development not
our primitive brain crown jewel
but there's no genius in there and
here's what i mean
when we get away from distraction
and we find our menlo park or we go work
in a quiet place
and we get lost
the neocortex actually shuts down and
that's why it's called transient hypo
frontality for a short period of time
our thinking shuts down the whole model
is in the book
and we actually go from brain waves at
beta
down to alpha
down to theta and maybe even delta
and we stop thinking we go into flow
in other words the advanced minds of the
world the great geniuses galileo da
vinci
steve jobs
they weren't in the neocortex they got
away from the world for bursts of time
which allowed them to access the human
capability we all have to get into flow
state and access
insights that they went out in the world
and then executed on with a world-class
team which totally changed the game
it's interesting talk to me about
impatience so this is something that i
bump against a lot of people on i i'm
not a patient person i don't invest in
patients i don't think it's useful
doesn't mean that i don't play the long
game it doesn't mean that i
do things that are dishonest just to get
ahead or because it would be faster i
wouldn't but
i definitely cultivate
impatience what are your thoughts around
patience and what do you mean by being
impatient i'm ridiculously impatient
around my mighty mission
i'm ridiculously impatient tom about
serving people and bringing value to
people i am very patient
with my children
i'm very patient with my team
you got to love the people around you
i'm very patient with the barista in a
coffee shop who
maybe is overwhelmed or it's her first
or his first day on the job i'm very
patient with the taxi driver who maybe
gets lost but you know that's how
they're making their livelihood so with
human beings i've worked very hard and
i'm a work in progress but i'm very
patient with human beings
going back to leadership for a second
what would you say are the three if
somebody wants to be a truly effective
leader what are three traits that they
should cultivate in themselves
know yourself i mean jack welch of
general electric said it really well do
um
don't lose yourself on the way to the
top warren buffett said
um they'll never be a better you than
you
so great leaders
again it's those four interior empires
working on yourself
knowing what what you want to stand for
knowing what you once said about you on
the last hour for your last day knowing
your core values your top five core
values knowing those
knowing your weaknesses knowing your
strengths i mean
a lot of leadership talk isn't about
that but starting with your character
and your self-identity that is really
important for a leader i'd say the
second thing for a leader
would be
well
getting big things done you know you
mentioned it in the introduction it's
like
ferocious like a warrior when it comes
to execution like great leadership is
less talk and more do
you know i mean it doesn't really matter
what the chatter i mean it's all about
execution implementation and
and application so they get things done
and we live in a world where
you know we pull out the phone people
i'm going to get this done and i'm going
to get that done we say to people i'll
send you a book it doesn't get done even
worse
it's
we lose self-respect from the promises
we make to ourselves that we break
that's where it all starts
like it's so you know this it's so
important your your income your impact
your relationship with creativity
productivity in the world
it all comes down to your relationship
with yourself
so that would be the second thing about
leadership it's like execution and don't
break promises
and the third thing i'd say um you know
be crazy the great leaders are insane
and i say that they're insane to the
majority the great ones are all misfits
and they're all
weird
i mean
the very nature of being a disrupter and
a leader means you're not a follower
and if you're not a follower then you're
not buying the kool-aid that society
sells you
if you're not a follower you're not like
this all the time looking for likes
if if you're not a follower you dress
the way you want to dress if people
criticize you yeah they criticize all
the great ones
the critics are nothing more than
dreamers who got scared and never got
off their chairs and got back in the
game so you've got to be willing to be
to 5 a.m
weird who does that why not sleep
leaders have to be willing not to be
followers
all said
what drives you so hard to keep doing
this after you've had the kind of
success you've had to keep coming back
to this and keep pushing and the touring
and just like going after it
tom because we live on a
tiny planet in a galaxy with trillions
of other planets
so on our little planet we're actually
it's a core philosophy of mine we're
brothers and sisters on a little planet
that person
that homeless person was someone's
dreams at a time
the
person in the restaurant or the hotel
who it's very easy if we're numbed out
and not awake
i'm not someone's father or mother
and
when i look at most people on the planet
it's no judgment i just
i see people who are they're in scarcity
versus generosity i see so many people
saying you know when i was a kid i had
all this creativity i don't know where
it happened you see it every day you
know you have all these people i want to
build a business oh i i oh i guess i ca
it's psychology of can't versus
mentality of possibility i see people
in pain i see people playing victim i
mean wouldn't you agree most people on
the planet at some foreign form or
another whether it's with their
creativity or their prosperity or their
personal lives they're they're stuck in
victimhood
and
i know i know mindsets i know rituals
and routines i have systems and it's not
just go out there and live your dream
and be happy happy happy i mean the book
shares
most of my a lot of my methodology the
twin cycles of elite performance the 90
one rule the second wind workout the two
massage protocol the 2020 like these
have worked for my clients for years
so i have the information to serve
you have the information to serve
how can we see people
stuck
when they have such glory and nobility
and decency inside of them how can we
allow that to happen we have a
responsibility we all have a
responsibility you said that
everybody should have core values what
is what are some of your most deeply
cherished core values
service above self
in other words contribution impact
service
number two
family
i mean
if i could be a tenth of the human being
my two children are i'd be a
i'd be a i'd be amazing
family you know
i've worked very hard but i've
really
worked hard on my family too even trying
to be a great son
a great brother all those things because
we all know to get to the last day of
your last
of your life and say i made a lot of
money and i got a lot of likes and i
sold a lot of books and i impact a lot
of people
and your own family never got to know
you that's heartbreak
third value i'm an asset the french word
lover of beauty
you know that's why you know that's why
i love los angeles like we were coming
over here and it's like
there's flowers you know it's whatever
time of the year is the flowers
everywhere you
know um so i love beauty and art and
food and people and sunsets and that's
why i love rome so much now that fourth
value would be um vitality
you know i really do believe that
the the one of the keys to legendary is
longevity i mean i want to live till 177
i want to you know
right i mean i'm biohacking and i'm
resting and i'm doing the two massage
protocol and everything possible so i
can be rocking my craft and serving as
many people as possible when i'm into
you know i mean one of the things i'd
say is you never want to let an old
person anywhere near the inside of your
body right because and we can get into
epigenetics and the fact that we have a
chronological age and a biological age
but vitality is important and i think
the
final core value is lifestyle
you know we can serve the world and
that's very important i know to both of
us
but i want it's life is ultimately a
really short ride
and so i want to really be around only
people i mean i am focused i only want
people in my orbit that bring me joy or
fuel my joy i only want to do the
pursuits in my business and career and
life that bring me joy and i only go to
places where i feel joy
that all makes a lot of sense so you've
brought up a couple of times now the
biohacking part so going into the health
set let's talk about that what are you
doing
you've got fasting you've got
the obviously the exercise you've got
sounds like the massage to massage
protocol um
walk us through what you do to care for
yourself to make sure that you hit that
177 number which i like it's very far
and it's very specific so
um so yeah fasting a lot of writing in
the book i was in fasted state and for
me it was the way it looks are you doing
intermittent fasting yes
but i want to get to 36 hours and then i
want to go beyond that because a lot of
the great creatives and mystics
so for me it's um
my last meal might be at nine o'clock
but i won't eat until four o'clock let's
say the next day when i was writing a
lot if the book was written in rome i
would get up and have two cups of coffee
because coffee is a health drink
awesome antioxidant magnificent
cognitive enhancer
and plus i'm in italy you know drink
coffee um and then i just you know i'm
at a hotel that allowed me to have a
tight bubble of total focus so zero
distraction
and then i go into that flow state and i
would just work on the manuscript in
fasted state and i saved a lot on
grocery and food bills just imagine it
you know how much time how much time we
spend even eating yep and i'd actually
so and then it'll be like three or four
o'clock i'd be in flow i didn't even
know where the time went and then i'd
ask you know call the hotel
front desk can you clean my room i'd go
out to the streets and i'd re-ground and
have something to eat so
basically it would be at least 18 hours
without food and then i'd have the
window of eating
where i you know eat healthily i'm on a
mediterranean ketogenic diet and that's
how i do the fasting and nutrition
i just i know by my energy level and by
my mental focus when i'm in ketosis
um
rest
there like i said there's a whole
chapter in the book on the essentialness
of sleep
and and
the the key piece is this
a lot of business builders a lot of
creative performers a lot of great
a lot of athletes think that it's work
harder to achieve more well that's been
debunked by science
we all know that we are at our best
creatively productively and in terms of
our performance when we
experience intense burst of elite
performance
and then we make the time to recover i
had a person at one of my events
recently he worked with usain bolt and
he said usain bolt told him i sleep 50
percent of the time
wow to allow the training to take effect
so
i i run these cycles of intense
creativity and productivity and i've
learned to really rest i take naps i've
done it since i was 18.
and recovery is very important in terms
of meditation visualization or whatever
all right i could keep going with you
but we have to get you out of here so
before i ask my last question though
tell these guys where they can find you
online
sure um well anyone who's interested in
the 5am club book it's on in the
bookstores amazon
it's on audible anyone who also
can't find it it's at the 5am club.com
and i think it's important to say a lot
of books
they don't have a support system
and i really wanted to serve people and
really help so at the end of the book
there's actually a 66 day because that's
the amount of time according to
university college of london to install
a new habit there's a 66 day online
digital course for free where i mentor
people via videos to lock in the 5am
club habit it's also important every
very important to me because every uh
the royalties from the book
a percentage goes to helping me fight
leprosy wow yeah a lot of people don't
know about leprosy and i'm i'm
ferociously committed to helping reduce
it um as well and then i'm on instagram
robinsharma.com
youtube
robinsharma.com yeah so perfect all
right last question what's the impact
that you want to have on the world
i want to remind people of who they
truly are and when they see nelson
mandela or
oprah winfrey
they say
they did it
but legendary is simply a testimony to
ordinary people
who thought differently felt differently
and did different things
and there by
became who they were and if they can do
it
i can do it
if i go all in i want to get that that
message out even more i love that
guys if you want to go all in let me
tell you dive into this man's world like
i said he's written 20 plus books it is
absolutely extraordinary the way that
he's able to weave information into
narrative
he's been at this a very long time
touching high achievers figuring out how
to make them even better and he's able
to distill that information package it
up and make it usable to everybody else
i think that he's really one of the most
incredible minds in the space you will
not regret diving in and seeing how much
of that information you can extract and
put to use in your own life
it will change you if you let it alright
if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe and until next time my friends
be legendary take care
robin thank you so much man
this is what we want in our lives this
is who we are and that's not a judgment
it's just right in terms of our level of
personal development and then i my
epiphany was if i dedicate time every
day to personal development
i will gradually become a level three
and then a level four and then a level
seven eventually if i become a level 10
person